This folder contains practice assignments on using sftp to securely transfer files from the local environment to a folder created in the remote machine. The steps taken are listed below: * Access the the remote machine and create the directory (folder) to store the files. ** Create the files to be trasnfer to the remote machine on your local machine (computer). *** Open terminal or the command prompt on your local machine (computer). **** Use the SFTP command-line tool to establish connection between your local machine (computer) and remote machine or the sandbox environment (intermediate machine, if an intermediate environment like the sandbox is used). ***** Use the lcd command to change into the directory where the file(s) to be transferred are stored on your local machine. ****** Use the lls command to list out all the files and subfolders in the directory your change to and identify the files to be transferred. ******* Use the put command to transfer each of the files you want to transfer (one file at a time) from your local machine to the remote or sandbox (intermediate) environment, specify the directory created earlier to keep the files in the remote or sandbox (intermediate) environment. ******** Log into your remote or sandbox (intermediate) environment and confirm the files have been uploaded, else repeat from step *******. ********* Upon uploading all files as desire terminate the SFTP connection by typing exit or bye on the SFTP terminal or command prompt. ******** If an intermediate environt is used, transfer the files into the final remote environment (like the github in this case).
